Release notes to voxvision.

Release 0.35. This is mostly a maintenance release. New in this version:
  * Fixed compilation on linux.
  * vn3d calls use the new API (works with the most recent version).
  * Lua dotsets automatically adjust their size (FreeBSD only).
  * Python is no more needed to build voxvision. Lua environment is
    created with lua script.
  * Renderer draws voxels using a small grayscale noise texture
    generated by vn3d.

Release 0.34. New in this version:
  * FreeBSD port was moved to another repository (shamazmazum/freebsd-ports).
  * Lua environment is generated by python script (requires python2.7 for build). It's
    easier now to change the environment, adding new functions or modules.
  * Collision detection was decoupled from camera modules. In voxengine CD is managed
    entirely by lua code.
  * tick() function is now optional in voxengine control script. If it is absent,
    voxengine does basic event handling itself.
  * Lua vox_dot and vox_box types are replaced by array-like tables.
  * Mouse support.
  * SDL support are provided via luasdl2.
  * Renderer is rewritten to render scene by 4x4 squares allowing different quality
    settings.
  * Screen geometry now does not affect rendering.
  * Internal READ_DOT macro in voxengine does not cause CPU penalty for store forwarding
    stall.
  * Cameras were moved to loadable dynamic modules.
  * Transparent online tree manipulation in voxengine (can add/remove voxels while
    rendering).
  * Produced rendering looks a bit nicer now. Also there is so called "light manager"
    which can add a bit more colors in your scene at cost of lower FPS rate.
  * Lua wrapper to my VN3D library for noise generation.
  * Basic support for taking screenshots.
  * Tree creation was fixed allowing creation of trees with voxels far from origin.
  * Many bugfixes and updated documentation.
